unit12: Đối thoại trong nhà hàng
====
072
- i heard that a new Italian restaurant has oopened recently on 14th street? have you been there?
i haven't eaten there yet, but Kathy said that the pizzas there are very good
- that's great. ihope they aren't expensive though. i think i'll go there this evening. care to join me?
i'd love to, but i've prommised my daughter that i'd go shopping with her tonight
====
073
- good evening. do you need any help choosing what to eat tonight?
thanks. this is our first visit here. could you recommend something for us
- well. today, we have a chef's special salad and Sophia's gourment sirloin steak for the main course and of course we have a delicious Kim-chi cream soup too
well, i think we need more time to look over the menu. Could you bring us some ice water while we think about that?
====
074
- Jessica, have you been to that new Indian restaurant across the street?
sure, i have. thay serve excellent dishes. i love the food there. You should try fish dish if you plan to go.
- sounds great. actually my doctor suggested that i have fish instead of meat
why don't you go there for lunch special troday? i'm sure you'll like it
====
075
- excuse me. do you know where the waiter is? i'd like to order another glass of wine.
the same wine, ma'am? i'll see if i can find him for you
- i've been waiting for more than 15 minutes. And i'd like to order some bread, too
i'll have him come to this table as soon as i find him
====
076
reserve the table
beverage
steamed
ingredient
main course
cuisine
wine list
place an order
seafood salad
appetizer
today's speacial
menu
chef
allergic
check
cafeteria
as you see, the restaurant is very busy today
i'll have the New York steak with steamed vegetables
what do you recommend for a light lunch?
you can enjoy exotic local food here
we'll have the table ready for you as soon as possible
there's going to be about a ten minute wait for a table in non-smmoking section
that comes with your choice of soup or salad
what's in your vegetable soup?
could we get a pitcher of water?
how would you like your steak?