unit14: dạng bài nói có nội dung hướng dẫn và tin nhắn ghi âm qua điện thoại
====
084
attention, all pasengers! the ferry to South íland ưill be delayed due to bad weather conditions. the safety of our passengers in the prime concern of all of us here at Victor Ferry Services. So we decided to reschedule all all the boarding and departure times. The next weather update is expected at 10 am. Please contact our staff at the ferry office if you have any questions.
====
085
you've reached International Food Bank in Korea. The office is now closed. Our hours are 9am to 5pm. Monday through Saturday. We are not open on national holidays and Sunday. If you want to get information about donation, press. If you wnat to speak to one of our representatives, please call back during regular hours or record your message after the tone. Thank you for calling and have a nice day.
====
086
thank you for calling the Seoul Department Store in Hong Kong. If you are calling about joining Summer Festival Event, please call back at 02-544-3528 for our Puclic Relations office. This fall, the Seoul Department Store will open a new store in Taiwan. If you are interested in our Taiwan store, visit our website www.seolstore.com.
====
087
attention please! Beer sales are not allowed inside the stadium. And you may not bring canned or bottled beer ito the stadium, either. Our uniformed guards will inspect your package at the entrance.  Whistles and other noisemakers may only be used by persons seated in section A and B.
====
088
attention, please!
make final selections
keep in mind
after the tone
press 1
i want to let you know
i'm calling on behalf of
be delayed
in the sporting goods section
voice mail
call me back
customer service representative
feel free to do
now, i would like to suggest some great deals to your for tonight's dinner
Begining next month, the company will be upgrading all comuter systems
thank you for calling for the Folk Music World
Feel free to leave a message on my answering machine
this is the express train for Lincount lake
i am sorry to announce that tonight's concert will be postponed by one hour
if this call is urgent, please contact my secretary
please stay on the line
we need to reschedule our staff meeting
please call me when you check this message
