unit10: Đối thoại trong công ty
====
060
- Rodger, the new receptionist. Ms Maria Cortez, is waiting for you in the lobby
could you take her over to the conference room? i'meet you both there in about 10 minutes
- okay, i'll do that.is she starting her job day
yes, but she ll be trained by Lisa for a week to understand how things are done here first
====
061
- hi, Sally. are you attending the quartedly meeting Friday. It's at 11 o'clock. Don't be late
Friday? you mean the day after tomorrow? i thought the meeting has been pushed back because the president is away on his business trip
- well, he decided to have the meeting since may staff members are going on vacation next week. so he will be back tonight
okay, i'm expecting a phone call from London branch at 11 o'clock. so i'll be at the meeting about 11:30
====
062
- welcome to Global Tech Inc.How can i help you
i'm here to meet with Sophia White for a job interview
- oh i see. Wait a moment, please. I'll call up to Ms. White's office. Could you please let me have your name?
sure. My name is Craig Powell. I have a 1 o'clock apppointment
====
063
- heard that Jonathan í trànerring to Taipei ofice in a month
Really? i haven't heard about it yet. who did you hear it from?
- Lisa told me that she had overheard the manager saying something about it
well. i think we should have a farewell pparty for him
====
064
department head
administrative assistant
hire a new employee 
educational background
leave the company
training session
give a speech
call in sick
extend the deadline
place an order
on the job experience
apply for a job opening
downsize
get a promotion
take over the job
Mr.Parnell will be back from his vacation before the staff meeting on Friday
it doesn't look like me have made much progress for last quarter
i'm calling about the opening in your company
i have an appointment with one of my clients this afternoon
when should we send those phones out to the customers
does my computer need to be authorized before i use it
i think we should ask some employee to work overtime
have you reviewed the resumes for the position of branch manager at our office
we won the Neutron advertising account
i have a meeting with my client at 2 pm thursday
