unit13: bài đối thoại trong ngân hàng
====
078
- Ben's computer terminal doesn't work properly. it looks like a problem with the new software
so will that counter be closed down for the day?
- yes, i think the other tellers will be asked to do his work
it might be a busy day today. just let me know if you need any help with any of the transactions
====
079
- excuse me. can you tell me how th telephone banking services work?
you can do all your day to day banking over the telephone, 24 hours a day.
- that's great. how do i access my account?
just call the bank, key in your PIN number and listen to the menu of options available
====
080
- David, i'm looking for some advice on the Montreal Bank site as to how to change my personal information, but i can't enter
did you log in? go to the top of the webpage, then click the sace that says "log in".
- okay, i have done that. Now, how can i change my personal information?
go to the part of the page that says "Personal Information." If you have any problems, then let me know. i'll help you fix the data
====
081
- hello. i'm calling to ask for information on ATM location. Could you please direct me to the nearsest ATM?
No problem, Sir.Where are you calling from?
- i'm calling from Harvardway at 10th street, Boston
Okay, the nearest ATM is just one block away on Harardway and 8th street. Oh, sorry. two blocks, not one block
====
082
bank statement
deposit and withdrawal
checking account
bounce a check 
brach
open an account
atm - automated teller machine
pin - personal identification number
check the balance
savings account
pay interest
transfer
key in
mortage
bank teller
account number 
interest rate
i'd like some information on the telephone banking services
you can check your balance and pay bills
i'd like to open an account at this branch
i'd like to transfer 10.000 dollars to mr.pierce
what's the account number that you're transferring from?
i want to make this transaction to happen right now
you need proof of identiffication and proof of residence
i'd like to exchange Korean won for dollars
my checking account is overdrawn by 200 dollars
we'll take a look at your account


