unit15: Dạng bài nói giới thiệu người và giới thiệu chuyến tham quan
====
090
on your right is one of the oldest castles in Europe. It has been rebuilt several times because of its unique location. Historically, it has been a major center of Hungary. It is almost 600 years old. Our next stop will be a fort built in the 16th century, about 3 miles from here. But right now, we will go to lunch
====
091
I'm pleased to introduce our guest speaker, Mr. Yamamoto. His speech today is about recent advances in skin protection technologies in the cosmetics industry. Specifically, he will talk about new product containing newly-developed compounds by hí laboratory. Mr. Yamamoto will welcome questions following his talk. so please take notes of any questions while he speaks. After this speech, our assistant will bring you a microphone to help others hear you well. thank you
====
092
it's my pleasure to introduce the award recipient, Sophia Lopez for this year's "employee of the year". many of you know, ms.sophia has been working for our company for more than fifteen years. after three year working in the office, she started working as one of the sales representatives. Remarkably, she has been the top seller in her department for more than ten years. Let's give a nice round of applause for Sophia Lopez.
====
093
hello everyone, my name is peter Choi and i'll be leading the tour today. the castle in front of you was originally bilt 300 years ago by Philop Edward. In the 1970s, the government decided to buy this property from the owner to preserve this historical site. So this castle was purchased by the government and turned into this history museum. After visiting this castle, we will have lunch in a local restaurant
====
094
guest speaker
leading authority
in the field
step down
dedicated workers
keynote speaker
take over the duty
serve
living history museum
tour guide
self-guided tour
final stop
historical site
expert
CEO-Chief Executive Office
without his dedication, we can't meet the deadline
now i must say many thanks to Mr. Brown.
I'm truly happy to introduce our new director
you can get headphones at the information booth
dr. newton is going to talk about how he conducted his research
she is the top sellintg worker in that region 
she will receive a one-week holiday as a bonus
this is the last stop on our tour
on your left, you will notice the building
before we finish our tour, let's have a look inside this room



 